Designer Information Search / Use Field Study Script
Date: 1/30/2020
Author: Andrew Nguyen
Script (session length: 60 minutes)
Participant Name: Kaitlyn Pham
Email: andmnguyen@g.ucla.edu
Time/Date: 7:00 PM 1/30/2020
Location: Cedars Sinai Medical Center
0. Introduction (5 mins)
The interview goals is to observe the user’s activity when using Pubmed. We will observe user activity by asking how or why users are doing what they are doing. Activities will focus on questions such as: How would you know what to do? and When would you normally perform this task? By doing this, the interviewee will let the user show how to use the program.
Set up camera and tripod.
Read the following….
"Thank you for participating!
We're not evaluating you in any way, but we're learning from you about how you look for information online and what works and doesn't work for you. With this, we hope we can make our product better for people like you. There are no right or wrong answers to any of the questions I'm asking in this study - we're simply interested in understanding how you do things online. We will conduct this study mostly as a discussion - I will ask you to show me how you do things using this computer and ask you questions to better understand what you do.
Here's how the session's going to be scheduled. We'll ask you a few general questions about how you search for articles online on Pubmed. Then we'll go through the search tasks you have provided for us. While you are working on the search tasks, we'd like you to think out aloud, which means you give a running commentary of what's going on in your mind. You can talk about things you like or don't like. Feel free to say anything that comes to your mind; don't worry about offending us since we didn't design this product.
We will record a little video of you so that I can go back and review things later and make sure we get everything right. We won't use your name in connection with the recordings or the results. The videotapes will only be used internally and never shared anywhere with anyone.
How does all that sound to you? Do you have any questions at this point?"
[Have person sign NDA & turn cell phone off]
1. Basics <grab this information from observation, if possible. Ask ONLY if desperately necessary>
What kind of computer?
What kind of browser?
What kind of work environment?
2. Background (5 mins)
(For the video) Could you tell us your name and tell us a little bit about what you do.
Where do you usually use your computer(s)? What for (email, work, watching movies, etc.)?
Is this the only computer you use? Do you share this computer with other people?
How much time / week do you use the computer? (In hours.)
Do you browse the web on your mobile phone? (if so, have you searched for information on your mobile phone?) (If so, remember to ask about this later on in the interview.
3. Design Search background (10 min)
{frequency of design-topic search} In our introduction email, we asked you to remember a few questions to search for design-related information on the computer. Can you guess how often do you do that? (Don't prompt unless they get stuck. Then suggest "once a day? As much as ten times a day?" )
{success of design searches} How well does that kind of search work on the computer? Do you usually have success when looking for health-related information?
{goals of design-topic searches} What kinds of design-related information do you usually look up? What kinds of health/med information are you looking for? For you? For others you work with? -
{re-prompt - additional info with design search} When you look up other kinds of design info, what kinds of things are you looking to find?
(Again, don't prompt unless they get stuck. Then try suggesting "just materials information? manufacturing process information?" ) Can you give me a few examples?
 
4. User's own searches (35 minutes)
We asked you to save a few sample searches for design information. Let's do them! When you're doing these tasks, use whatever websites/tools you'd normally use, and please think aloud. (explain this to user). keep your hands off the interviewee's keyboard.
For each search... try to find more information about traumatic brain injury.
{origin of name search tasks} What made you think about this task? (Or.. what's the origin of this search task?)
{query formulation strategy} How do you decide what search keywords to use? (do they use the full name, part of the name, occupation, ... etc...)
How much time would you spend on a search like this?
{satisfaction} Are you satisfied with the outcome of the search? How do you decide if you have found what you are looking for?
{refinements} (During each search be sure to note the refinements. When the user does a refinement, ask WHY they made that change. What do you expect to happen when you change the query that way?
{results assessment} Why did you choose this particular result? Can you say why it seems particularly good (or poor)?
even if it seems obvious. let them say it.
After each search:
Do you ever save the results of your searches? If so, how do you save it? (Do they have a mood board? Do they save one their desktop? Pinterest? Other saving site?)
How well do these methods work for you?
Have you had any difficulty re-finding that information again?
5. Problems with searching for design information
* {difficult design searches} Have you ever had any problems when looking for a difficult design problem?? (Say, "I need to find a particular kind of plastic to use on a project" or “If only there were some software to help me with this problem…” )
* How do you figure out WHICH of the alternates actually has design information you're looking for? (Any special tricks or techniques they use? e.g., going to another site, looking for associated images, etc.)
* Do you use a social sites (forums or groups) to find design information or get inspiration? Do you search it, or do you just go directly to it? (Examples: Pinterest boards)
6. Different kinds of design searches (5 mins)
{hard search tasks} Can you tell me about a research task that took you a long time?
{repeated queries / monitoring} Any searches for information that you find yourself repeatedly doing all the time?
{NOT using the web for info} Are there any kinds of searches that you do NOT attempt to satisfy using the internet? If so, what do you do in these cases?
7. Wrap-up (5 min):
{latent desires for design search} If you could create a magical tool that would allow you to find any kind of information you (plausibly) want, what would such a tool be? How would it work? What areas would it cover?
helps it to feel like a conversation about what they know.
I've been asking you a lot of questions. Is there anything you want to ask me?
8. Closing (2 min):
* Compensation envelope
* Thanks for all your time...
* Never turn off the camera until you make it out to your car.
* Keep taking mental notes as you wrap up!
------------------------------------------
When reviewing your notes for insights, some of the things you should look for are:
* Typical behavior
* Variant behavior
* Untapped desires / needs
* What people wish they could do with search
* Problems they have - confusions in the results or presentation
* How do people think about Design Search? what do they think it does?
* What do they do with it?
